[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Yeah like Mark said,
my name is Brian Holt.
Recently start working at that spot
a year ago, recently to San Francisco and
yeah it's been really fun.
If you haven't already grew up
here to the bit.ly/ReactIntro make
sure it's capital R capital I, or
else you gonna get someone else's slides.
I don't know why but
at least I guess sensitive like that.
Or you can just go to
the bit this GitHub page and
that that's actually where it redirects.
I just thought that was
a little bit easier.
This is intended to be interactive so
please ask questions as you have them both
in person and online,
we've been talking about React today.
I've been doing Reacts for
what is essentially an eternity in
terms of JavaScript frameworks.
I was the first person to
launch React code at Reddit.
And I was discussing with one of the React
core team members, and they said they
felt like they really had arrived once
Reddit had launched some react code.
Because we had no crossover at that point
we had just found the technology on
our own and said this is really cool
we want to write code in this and
no one had convinced us to do it.
Whereas, I think when it like
Khan Academy launched it before us and
Khan had had more
cross-pollination with react.
So I've been doing this for
almost three years now which
is crazy in terms of reactor.
I feel like reactors just started
to gain some steam now well
has already gained a lot
of steam recently.
Yeah but it's enjoyable,
I think you'll gonna like it,
it made me really enjoy writing UI code.
And enjoy maintaining UI code which
is an entirely separate beast.
So let's start diving in here.
You can see here, I have this web page and
literally this web page is what
I have here on my surface.
So if you want to follow step
by step of what I'm doing here.
It's you're literally looking at
my notes if you're on this page.
The way this workshop is going to
work is we're going to write code and
we're going to hit a pain point.
So that you can feel certain pain
points in the reactor community like
development process.
And then we're going to backtrack and
refactor and that's kind of the whole
workshop is that way, is factor refactor.
And it's to kind of hopefully
demonstrate to you, we're going to
be introducing a build step and some
transpolation, all these different things.
Which add complications to app, like a lot
of people said that they're fatigued of
JavaScript adding all these different
tools, all these different build steps,
all these different things.
And I can definitely see that if you
don't understand why you're doing it,
if you just instantly start writing
JSX and transpiring with babble and
using web pack like you.
You don't really understand or
feel that pain that made you like,
I really want this.
So hopefully the idea here is,
you get to this point like, okay,
this is really annoying,
I wish we didn't have to do this.
And then we'll introduce more complexity
that gets rid of that pain point, but
it does add complexity of the project.
So that's kind of the idea here.
Over the course of today we're going to be
writing in and tomorrow for that matter.
We're going to be writing, basically,
a very stripped down version of
the Netflix interface that we can be able
to watch YouTube videos on essentially.
And it should be pretty fun,
I really enjoyed writing this.
So this is not just about React.
This is about the entire React ecosystem
because React is just
a piece of the puzzle, right?
It does basically the views for
you then it's up to you to kind of manage
how everyone marshal the data around.
How you want to interact with
the server all that's up to you,
React to just taking
care of one part of it.
Now you can choose to use React for
everything and
just kind of leave
everything by the wayside.
And that's actually a valid choice for a
lot of projects, so I'm gonna show you how
to do that as well but then we're gonna
start introducing more things like Redux.
Right to manage your state and
that hopefully give you ideas of how
you want to structure your own app.
So ultimately, what I'm getting at here
is, React is relatively unopinionated.
But we're gonna start introducing
opinions as we go on.
Right because you introduce Webpack that's
an opinion, you introduced Standard and
that's an opinion, you introduce Mocha and
that's an opinion right.
But I'm just showing you all
these different pieces but
if you have a different piece
that you want to plug in.
Like that's what I want you to take
away here is that these are modules,
these are pieces of the puzzle and
if you don't like Standard.
And you prefer semi-Standard or
another way of
lending your code than rip out the
Standard and put in your own favorite one.
Or if you don't like Redux and you really
like alter FloMax rip out Redux and
put it in FloMax, right, like that.
That's kind of the idea of
what we're getting at here
is we want you to understand the modules.
We understand where the pieces go and then
you can take out the pieces you don't like
and put in the pieces that you do like.
Or perhaps even more important liking or
disliking something, what actually
works for your project, that's
ultimately what we want you to do here.
So the opinions that I'm going to be
introducing today are, and tomorrow.
Node JS, Express, Redux, Webpack,
Mocha, Enzyme and
React router as well Standard.
And if you don't familiar
with any of these right now,
it's okay we're gonna
be going over this all.
This basically assumes,
this workshop assumes that JavaScript and
beyond that we'll talk
about everything else.
I'm gonna use some ES6 here and
there just because it's at this
point is force to have it for me.
But I don't expect you to
know any of the ES6, so
I will explain any ES6 that I'm
using to you as we're doing it.
But if I skip over something please feel
free to stop me and we can pause for
a second and talk about ES6 as well.
Another thing keep in mind
is that we're going to be
exploring all these tools
as they relate to React.
But we're only scratching, like we're
gonna be deep diving and React but
we're not to be diving in anything else.
So we're all just me talking
about how these individual
tools just relate to React.
So this is definitely not
a workshop on Webpack.
You can be using some advanced features of
Webpack, but certainly not all of them.
So that's something to keep in mind if
you get really interested in Redux right?
You might wanna go deep dive later and
find out more about Redux or
something like that.
And I'm sure that my document here
is full stylistics just for warning.
[LAUGH] Okay.
So if you haven't already started,
once you go ahead and
do some of these Setup steps,
you definitely gonna
need the clone the git repo, [LAUGH] or
else you cannot not have a good time.
Clone the git repo and
then check out the start branch.
That's the first thing to do, if
the master branch is the finished project,
we're gonna start with the start
branch which is basically a stripped
down repo that we can start
writing all these files into.
I'm gonna to be using node,
I actually think I'm still on node
four to one, I haven't updated yet.
But I think anything node four and
above you should be, actually think
anything like if you use io.js.
I think you'd be fine or node 12.012 and
if used the harmony you
should be fine as well.
But that is to say just go ahead
make sure before you should be
okay.
>> Brian Holt: Once you clone the repo,
make sure you do npm install inside of
the repo to get all the dependencies.
That because we don't have to do it
on fly which will be really good.
And you can do these global
installs on your npm right now.
You can do them later as well,
whatever works for
you.
>> Brian Holt: I'm on webpack v1.12,
Mocha v2.4 and standard v6.0, and
I don't think any of that matters.
Standard might matter if you
have anything less than 6 but
the other ones shouldn't matter.
And then I believe we're teaching node or
so
React v0.14, if I remember correctly.
Okay, intro over, I think,
unless anyone has any questions.
>> Speaker 2: Which branch are we supposed
to be on?
>> Brian Holt: Start.
>> Brian Holt: That does remind me of
something though.
Because we're gonna be
building a project together.
It's kind of like, you have to
like build one part of the app and
then we move on to build
the next part of the app, right?
And if it's the bottom part of the work
then you can't go forward in the app and
then you have like
a really frustrating time.
Because you're trying to fix the old
thing while we're still going forward.
So what I'm gonna do every still option
and this gonna create a new branch and
push it to GitHub.
And you're welcome to just
pull down that branch and
it'll have everything that I just did.
So if you fall behind, don't worry.
Pretty soon, we'll catch up because
you can just pull the new branch and
start working from there.
And so if I go too long
without creating a branch,
you can just like raise your hand or
give me the middle finger or
something like that and
I'll remember to push up a new branch.